PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
    The program (ResizableBall) is an applet that, on a canvas specified, draws
 a ball that grows to two times its original diameter, then shrinks back to its
 original diameter, then grows, etc. The canvas starts blank, with just axes on
 it (x and y). When the canvas is clicked on, a ResizableBall is drawn centered
 at the click. Depending on the quadrant that the ResizableBall is centered in,
 it is a defined color. When clicked on, the axes can be moved. If this changes
 the quadrant that a ball is now in, its color is updated to be correct. If the
 user clicks Stop, all balls stop resizing. If the user clicks Start, all balls
 start resizing. If the user clicks Clear All, all balls are cleared. If a ball
 is pressed on and dragged, it will move.

  USAGE: appletviewer ResizableBallController.html
         (or just view ResizableBallController.html in a web browser)

  On Start:   Show axes (one horizontal and one vertical line)

  On Click:   Draw a ResizableBalle centered at the mouse click
              If one or both axes is clicked on, consider it "grabbed"
              If a ball is clicked on, consider it "grabbed"
              If Start is clicked, all balls start resizing
              If Stop is clicked, all balls stop resizing
              If Clear All is clicked, all balls are cleared

  On Drag:    If axis/axes is grabbed and mouse is still pressed, move axis/
                axes with the mouse
              If a ball is grabbed and mouse is still pressed, move ball with
                the mouse

  On Release: If axis/axes/ball was grabbed, now consider it released

SHORT RESPONSE QUESTIONS
 1. To open a file in vim from the command line and be taken to a certain line:
      vim +PAGENUMBER FILENAME
    For example: vim +20 Foo.java
      opens the file Foo.java in vim to line 20.

 2. The "call stack" (or "run-time stack") holds the local variables and formal
    parameters with each method invocation.

 3. In a Java interface, you can only declare method signatures and variables.
    Method signature declarations must be public and abstract, and variables
    must be public, final, and static.
      public abstract int Foo(int bar); // Example Method Signature Declaration
      public final static int foo = 5;  // Example Variable Declaration

 4. To disable special syntax coloring in vim, use this command (after ESC):
      :syntax off
    To enable special syntax coloring in vim, use this command (after ESC):
      :syntax on

 5. To open the help file while already in vim, use this command (after ESC):
      :help

 6. To jump to a subject, position the cursor on the tag (e.g. |bars|) and hit
      CTRL-]
